tell me oh yeah
ow
oh my god you know em all to take bones
I go read it okay to go okay how's your
teeth up single kicked up over 210 lungs
are up
so pretty okay eating hams go to mom
cute and casual style
oh you look at your wicker oh you only
get alcohol okay okay
haggis Amira what's a log it didn't tell
you play you a blow to go doc I know
Allah Allah
oh yeah oh yeah
slow me that come on Joe
Lisa don't swing down you know and you
started with me talk about a nickel
attitude okay oh oh it's like what the
unyaunya yo only you don't pick young
get Linda hall johannes mitä there to go
to the butcher bald idiot pretty car but
a mood idiot
oh you only a shock like a fedora what's
a little too high oh oh oh oh you go oh
wow okay Oh
using the Nova tail alone what okay
bingo lit okay talking there yo kita
they are wrong wattage up to meet you
sir
I didn't go further to the magnesium on
over to digital crash
yah oh yah oh yah oh yah oh yeah
no don't we end up couldn't start on
yeah yeah Ramona oh that woman is higher
you could um for longer than one would
you know what size of a gym down
oh you poor mother you on there you have
to talk to Jimmy's a demagogue in there
you get a get a forgot a quarter coups
rocket Tac toy yep on mozuku there oh
sorry John eat a nice flea market denim
style
time's it okay yeah la la Odia Kelly
girl Oh somebody's awesome can you nail
one who'd are you deaf hmm Hey
yeah that's all we tell you is my word
right here is on 29 August vida will be
the truck route I did I put on man go it
out okay okay hey Sonia you saw do um
yah yah yah yah yah ohh
we're dago's her now get them in there
they welcome take her song then tomorrow
so come on cuz they are humble Bahamas
on Sunday
Tejinder tech automaton Giovanni well
haha Aaron's job is model so she has
more advantage I feel like you know I go
to like Fashion Week I go see all the
shows in New York London Paris and I'm
living and breathing fashion all the
time it's my entire life ba ba ba ba ba
don't get too chummy young yet the foci
only in an old fool additional dead in
their holiday oh oh yeah yeah
mommy cannonball the people have spoken
now it's time to tally up the votes to
see who is the best budget stylist who
will it be
Oh deep you some men ah Go Go yeah your
ankle time to lose hand man y'all not yo
yo hey yo yo
today's mission complete
you